Update `README.md` to document the new `--venv` option (#228)
tweag/FawltyDeps: README.md

FawltyDeps itself is installed. This works well when you, for example,
`pip install fawltydeps` into the same virtualenv as your project dependencies.

If you instead want FawltyDeps to look into a _different_ virtualenv for mapping
dependencies to import names, you can use the `--venv` option, for example:

```
fawltydeps --code my_package/ --deps pyproject.toml --venv .venv/
```

This will tell FawltyDeps:

- to look for `import` statements in the `my_package/` directory,
- to parse dependencies from `pyprojects.toml`, and
- to use the virtualenv at `.venv/` to map dependency names in `pyproject.toml`
  into import names used in your code under `my_package/`

When FawltyDeps is unable to find an installed package that corresponds to a
declared dependency, FawltyDeps will fall back to an "identity mapping", where
it _assumes_ that the dependency provides a single import of the same name,
i.e. it will expect that when you depend on `some_package`, then that should
correspond to `import some_package` statements in your code.

This fallback assumption is not always correct, but it allows FawltyDeps to
produce results (albeit sometimes inaccurate) when the current Python

> environment does not contains all of your declared dependencies. Please see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment does not contain all of your declared dependencies. Please see
```

### How not to display tools like `black` and `pylint` in _unused dependencies_?

By default, all packages declared as dependencies by your project are included
in the FawltyDeps analysis, even if they only contain tools that were not meant

> to be `import`ed, but rather to meant be run by, say, in a pre-commit hook or a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be `import`ed, but rather meant to be run by, say, in a pre-commit hook or a
```

  dependency.

To solve this, FawltyDeps looks at the packages installed in your current Python
environment (or the virtualenv given by the `--venv` option) to correctly map
dependencies (package names) into the imports that they provide.

However, when an installed package is not found for a declared dependency, the

> _identity mapping_ that FawltyDeps falls back to will still do an _OK_ job for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_identity mapping_ that FawltyDeps falls back to will still do a good job for
```
FD is doing an _OK_ job on a set of random non installed dependencies, but for the majority where the import name is the package name, this is not just an OK job but a good one. So we either have to replace Ok with something else or reword the sentence to make it clear that the Ok adjective applies to all non found dependencies rather than the majority where identity mapping actually works great.
